feat: update README (#3466)
snyk/cli: CONTRIBUTING.md

Place fixtures in `./test/fixtures`. Keep them minimal to reduce maintenance. Use [`createProject`](./test/jest/util/createProject.ts) to use your fixtures in isolated working directories for your tests.

### Smoke Tests

> Smoke tests typically don't run on branches. They usually run on an hourly basis against the latest published version of the CLI.

Reviewer: > Smoke tests typically don't run on branches

You could also mention that Smoke tests will run on branches when name starts with `smoke/` https://github.com/snyk/cli/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#branch-types

> Smoke tests typically don't run on branche unless the banch is specifically prefixed with `smoke/`. They usually run on an hourly basis against the latest published version of the CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smoke tests typically don't run on branches unless the branch is specifically prefixed with `smoke/`. They usually run on an hourly basis against the latest published version of the CLI.
```
